Identification and occurrence of phenylethanoid and iridoid glycosides in six Polish broomrapes (Orobanche spp. and Phelipanche spp., Orobanchaceae).
Effects and mechanisms of iridoid glycosides from Patrinia scabiosaefolia on improving insulin resistance in 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Review of the Ethnopharmacology, Phytochemistry, and Pharmacology of the Genus Veronica.
Rhus verniciflua and Eucommia ulmoides Protects Against High-Fat Diet-Induced Hepatic Steatosis by Enhancing Anti-Oxidation and AMPK Activation.
Cornusglucosides A and B, Two New Iridoid Glucosides from the Fruit of Cornus officinalis.
Indirect Chronic Effects of an Oleuropein-Rich Olive Leaf Extract on Sucrase-Isomaltase In Vitro and In Vivo.
Five new iridoids from the whole plants of Rehmannia henryi.
Extraction of oleuropein and luteolin-7-O-glucoside from olive leaves: Optimization of technique and operating conditions.
Picroside II Isolated from Pseudolysimachion rotundum var. subintegrum Inhibits Glucocorticoid Refractory Serum Amyloid A (SAA) Expression and SAA-induced IL-33 Secretion.
Absolute structure assignment of an iridoid-monoterpenoid indole alkaloid hybrid from Dipsacus asper.
Comparative Phytochemical Profile, Antioxidant, Antimicrobial and In Vivo Anti-Inflammatory Activity of Different Extracts of Traditionally Used Romanian Ajuga genevensis L. and A. reptans L. (Lamiaceae).
Antioxidant activity and the isolation of polyphenols and new iridoids from Chilean Gaultheria phillyreifolia and G. poeppigii berries.
Antiangiogenic Iridoids from Stachys ocymastrum and Premna resinosa.
Photoprotection assessment of olive (Olea europaea L.) leaves extract standardized to oleuropein: In vitro and in silico approach for improved sunscreens.
An anti-inflammatory C-stiryl iridoid from Camptosorus sibiricus Rupr.
Ethnobotany, Phytochemistry and Pharmacological Properties of Eucommia ulmoides: A Review.
Effect of cornel iridoid glycoside on microglia activation through suppression of the JAK/STAT signalling pathway.
Bioactive 3,8-Epoxy Iridoids from Valeriana jatamansi.
Bis-iridoid and iridoid glycosides: Viral protein R inhibitors from Picrorhiza kurroa collected in Myanmar.
Modeling of the static batch desorption and dynamic column elution of geniposidic acid from a porous anion-exchanger.
New Iridoid Derivatives from the Fruits of Cornus officinalis and Their Neuroprotective Activities.
Antitumoral and Anticholinesterasic Activities of the Seven Species from Rubiaceae.
Non-glycosidic iridoids from the roots of Patrinia scabra and their nitric oxide production inhibitory effects.
High-performance countercurrent chromatographic isolation of acylated iridoid diglycosides from Verbascum ovalifolium Donn ex Sims and evaluation of their inhibitory potential on IL-8 and TNF-伪 production.
Comparative anti-arthritic investigation of iridoid glycosides and crocetin derivatives from Gardenia jasminoides Ellis in Freund's complete adjuvant-induced arthritis in rats.
Oleuropein derivatives from olive fruit extracts reduce 伪-synuclein fibrillation and oligomer toxicity.
Separation of Five Iridoid Glycosides from Lonicerae Japonicae Flos Using High-Speed Counter-Current Chromatography and Their Anti-Inflammatory and Antibacterial Activities.
Parentucellia latifolia subsp. latifolia: A potential source for loganin iridoids by HPLC-ESI-MS(n) technique.
Improved solubility and increased biological activity of NeoSol(鈩?RCL40, a novel Red Clover Isoflavone Aglycones extract preparation.
Iridoid glucosides in the genus Sutera (Scrophulariaceae) as chemotaxonomic markers in tribe Limoselleae.
Picrosides" from Picrorhiza kurroa as potential anti-carcinogenic agents.
Fatty Acids and Phenolic Profiles of Extravirgin Olive Oils from Selected Italian Cultivars Introduced in Southwestern Province of Pakistan.
Enzymatic inhibitory activity of iridoid glycosides from Picrorrhiza kurroa against matrix metalloproteinases: Correlating in vitro targeted screening and docking.
Establishment of a quantitative and qualitative analysis and isolation method for tetracyclic iridoids from Morinda lucida Bentham leaves.
New iridoid glycosides from Anarrhinum pubescens.
Iridoid Derivatives with Cytotoxic Activity from Pedicularis uliginosa Bunge.
Iridoid glycosides from the fruits of Cornus officinalis.
Purification of two valepotriates from Centranthus ruber by centrifugal partition chromatography: From analytical to preparative scale.
Computational simulations of the mass transfer zone in GS adsorption column packed with Fe(3+) type ion exchanger.
Chemical constituents from Valeriana polystachya Smith and evaluation of their effects on the acetylcholinesterase and prolyl oligopeptidase activities.
Three New Iridoid Derivatives Have Been Isolated from the Stems of Neonauclea reticulata (Havil.) Merr. with Cytotoxic Activity on Hepatocellular Carcinoma Cells.
Host Plant Suitability in a Specialist Herbivore, Euphydryas anicia (Nymphalidae): Preference, Performance and Sequestration.
New iridoids from Lyonia ovalifolia and their anti-hyperglycemic effects in mice pancreatic islets.
New iridoids from the roots of Valeriana dioscoridis Sm.
Enhanced accumulation of harpagide and 8-O-acetyl-harpagide in Melittis melissophyllum L. agitated shoot cultures analyzed by UPLC-MS/MS.
Application of cellulase treatment in ionic liquid based enzyme-assisted extraction in combine with in-situ hydrolysis process for obtaining genipin from Eucommia ulmoides Olive barks.
Metabolite Profiles, Bioactivity, and HPLC Fingerprint of Different Varieties of Eucommia ulmoides Oliv.: Towards the Utilization of Medicinal and Commercial Chinese Endemic Tree.
Secoiridoids from the Seed of Gonocaryum calleryanum and Their Inhibitory Potential on LPS-Induced Tumor Necrosis Factor and Nitric Oxide Production.
28-Noroleanane-derived spirocyclic triterpenoids and iridoid glucosides from the roots of Phlomoides umbrosa (Turcz.) Kamelin & Makhm with their cytotoxic effects.
Isofraxisecoside, a new coumarin-secoiridoid from the stem bark of Fraxinus xanthoxyloides.
Oleuropein and hydroxytyrosol protect rats' pups against bisphenol A induced hypothyroidism.
Preparation of five high-purity iridoid glycosides from Gardenia jasminoides Eills by molecularly imprinted solid-phase extraction integrated with preparative liquid chromatography.
Iridoids from Pedicularis verticillata and Their Anti-Complementary Activity.
Secoiridoid analogues from the fruits of Ligustrum lucidum and their inhibitory activities against influenza A virus.
Synthetic analogues of durantoside I from Citharexylum spinosum L. and their cytotoxic activity.
Large-scale purification of unstable, water-soluble secologanic acid using centrifugal partition chromatography.
A new dimeric secoiridoids derivative, japonicaside E, from the flower buds of Lonicera japonica.
Protective Effects of Cornel Iridoid Glycoside in Rats After Traumatic Brain Injury.
Antinociceptive and anti-inflammatory activities of a standardizedextract of bis-iridoids from Pterocephalus hookeri.
Scandoside Exerts Anti-Inflammatory Effect Via Suppressing NF-魏B and MAPK Signaling Pathways in LPS-Induced RAW 264.7 Macrophages.
Effects of Gardenia jasminoides extracts on cognition and innate immune response in an adult Drosophila model of Alzheimer's disease.
Role of catalpol in ameliorating the pathogenesis of experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis by increasing the level of noradrenaline in the locus coeruleus.
Secoiridoid Glycosides from the Twigs of Ligustrum obtusifolium Possess Anti-inflammatory and Neuroprotective Effects.
Botany, Phytochemistry, Pharmacology and Toxicity of Strychnos nux-vomica L.: A Review.
Efficient enzyme-assisted extraction of genipin from genipap (Genipa americana L.) and its application as a crosslinker for chitosan gels.
Two new bis-iridoids isolated from Scabiosa stellata and their antibacterial, antioxidant, anti-tyrosinase and cytotoxic activities.
[Chemical constituents from hypoglycemic active part of Plantaginis Semen].
Iridoids of Chemotaxonomy Relevance, a New Antirrhinoside Ester and Other Constituents from Kickxia spuria subsp. integrifolia (Brot.) R.Fern.
Phytochemical study of the trunk bark of Citharexylum spinosum L. growing in Tunisia: Isolation and structure elucidation of iridoid glycosides.
Extraction of bioactive compounds from genipap (Genipa americana L.) by pressurized ethanol: Iridoids, phenolic content and antioxidant activity.
A syringic acid derivative and two iridoid glycosides from the roots of Stachys geobombycis and their antioxidant properties.
Four New Acylated Iridoid Glycosides from the Aerial Part of Veronicastrum sibiricum and Their Antioxidant Response Element-Inducing Activity.
Eucommia ulmoides leaf (EUL) extract enhances NO production in ox-LDL-treated human endothelial cells.
The genus Scrophularia: a source of iridoids and terpenoids with a diverse biological activity.
Iridoids and sfingolipids from Hedyotis diffusa.
A green ionic liquid-based vortex-forced MSPD method for the simultaneous determination of 5-HMF and iridoid glycosides from Fructus Corni by ultra-high performance liquid chromatography.
[Simultaneous determination of ten major compounds including iridoid glycosides and phenolic acids in Pterocephalus hookeri by UPLC-PDA].
Phytochemical investigation and acetylcholinesterase inhibitory activity of bark of Hymenodictyon orixense.
Hispanane-Type Diterpenoid and Secoiridoid Glucosides from Viburnum cylindricum.
Chemical Composition of Buddleja polystachya Aerial Parts and its Bioactivity against Aedes aegypti.
Cytotoxic and antibacterial activities of iridoids and sesquiterpenoids from Valeriana jatamansi.
[Chemical constituents from ripe fruit of Cornus officinalis].
Gastroprotective effect of aucubin against ethanol-induced gastric mucosal injury in mice.
Pencil graphite electrodes for improved electrochemical detection of oleuropein by the combination of Natural Deep Eutectic Solvents and graphene oxide.
Antioxidant activity of oleuropein and semisynthetic acetyl-derivatives determined by measuring malondialdehyde in rat brain.
New Iridoids from Scrophularia ningpoensis.
Iridoid Glycosides from the Twigs of Sambucus williamsii var. coreana and Their Biological Activities.
Variation of loganin content in Cornus officinalis fruits at different extraction conditions and maturation stages.
[Terpenoids isolated from Viburnum ternatum].
Peroxynitrite-Scavenging Glycosides from the Stem Bark of Catalpa ovata.
Anxiolytic potency of iridoid fraction extracted from Valeriana jatamansi Jones and its mechanism: a preliminary study.
Argininosecologanin, a secoiridoid-derived guanidine alkaloid from the roots of Lonicera insularis.
Evaluation of in vivo analgesic activity of Scrophularia kotscyhana and isolation of bioactive compounds through activity-guided fractionation.
Off-line coupling of new generation centrifugal partition chromatography device with preparative high pressure liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry triggering fraction collection applied to the recovery of secoiridoid glycosides from Centaurium erythraea Rafn. (Gentianaceae).
Hydroxycinnamoyl derivatives and secoiridoid glycoside derivatives from Syringa vulgaris flowers and their effects on the pro-inflammatory responses of human neutrophils.
Iridoids from the roots of Valeriana jatamansi Jones.
Chemical constituents from the fruits of Ligustrum japonicum and their inhibitory effects on T cell activation.
Four new iridoid glucosides containing the furan ring from the fruit of Cornus officinalis.
The Genus Patrinia: A Review of Traditional Uses, Phytochemical and Pharmacological Studies.
Enzymatic tailoring of oleuropein from Olea europaea leaves and product identification by HRMS/MS spectrometry.
Antioxidant activity against H(2)O(2)-induced cytotoxicity of the ethanol extract and compounds from Pyrola decorate leaves.
Himatanthus drasticus Leaves: Chemical Characterization and Evaluation of Their Antimicrobial, Antibiofilm, Antiproliferative Activities.
Iridoid glucosides in the genus Veronica (Plantaginaceae) from New Zealand.
Two new iridoid glycosides from the leaves of Callicarpa nudiflora.
Water-compatible micron-sized monodisperse molecularly imprinted beads for selective extraction of five iridoid glycosides from Cornus officinalis fructus.
Phytochemistry and Pharmacological Activities of the Genus Swertia (Gentianaceae): A Review.
Triterpenoids and iridoids from Patrinia scabiosaefolia.
Chemodiversity of two closely related tetraploid Centaurium species and their hexaploid hybrid: Metabolomic search for high-resolution taxonomic classifiers.
Application of UHPLC-ESI-Q-TOF-MS to Identify Multiple Constituents in Processed Products of the Herbal Medicine Ligustri Lucidi Fructus.
A new iridoid glycoside from the fruits of Vitex rotundifolia.
Localization of Defensive Chemicals in Two Congeneric Butterflies (Euphydryas, Nymphalidae).
The Protective Effect of Aucubin from Eucommia ulmoides Against Status Epilepticus by Inducing Autophagy and Inhibiting Necroptosis.
Secoiridoid Glucosides from the Twigs of Syringa oblata var. dilatata and Their Neuroprotective and Cytotoxic Activities.
Bioassay-Guided Isolation of Iridoids and Phenylpropanoids from Aerial Parts of Lamium album and Their Anti-inflammatory Activity in Human Neutrophils.
A new iridoid glycoside and a new cinnamoyl glycoside from Scrophularia ningpoensis Hemsl.
A new iridoid diglucoside from Antirrhinum siculum.
In Vitro Selection of DNA Aptamers that Binds Geniposide.
Research survey on iridoid and phenylethanoid glycosides among seven populations of Euphrasia rostkoviana Hayne from the Alps.
Chemical Constituents from the Flowers of Wild Gardenia jasminoides J.Ellis.
Iridoids from Canthium subcordatum iso-butanol fraction with potent biological activities.
New Iridoid Glucosides from Caryopteris incana (Thunb.) Miq. and Their 伪-Glucosidase Inhibitory Activities.
A New Iridoid Dimer and Other Constituents from the Traditional Kurdish Plant Pterocephalus nestorianus N谩b臎lek.
Identification of Predominant Phytochemical Compounds and Cytotoxic Activity of Wild Olive Leaves (Olea europaea L. ssp. sylvestris) Harvested in South Portugal.
Three minor valepotriate isomers from Valeriana jatamansi and their cytotoxicity.
Picroside II Attenuates Airway Inflammation by Downregulating the Transcription Factor GATA3 and Th2-Related Cytokines in a Mouse Model of HDM-Induced Allergic Asthma.
The anti-hyperplasia, anti-oxidative and anti-inflammatory properties of Qing Ye Dan and swertiamarin in testosterone-induced benign prostatic hyperplasia in rats.
Studies on the regulation of lipid metabolism and its mechanism of the iridoids rich fraction in Valeriana jatamansi Jones.
Comparative pharmacokinetic analysis of extracts of crude and wine-processed Dipsacus asper in rats by a sensitive ultra performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry approach.
Kinetic improvement of olive leaves' bioactive compounds extraction by using power ultrasound in a wide temperature range.
Oleuropein induces mitochondrial biogenesis and decreases reactive oxygen species generation in cultured avian muscle cells, possibly via an up-regulation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor 纬 coactivator-1伪.
Iridoid glycosides from Callicarpa nudiflora Hook.
HSCCC Separation of the Two Iridoid Glycosides and Three Phenolic Compounds from Veronica ciliata and Their in Vitro Antioxidant and Anti-Hepatocarcinoma Activities.
The Iridoid Myodesert-1-ene and Elemol/Eudesmol are found in Distinct Chemotypes of the Australian Aboriginal Medicinal Plant Eremophila dalyana (Scrophulariaceae).
A New Non-glucosidic Iridoid from the Roots of Strychnos nux-blanda.
伪-Glucosidase and 伪-Amylase Inhibitors from Arcytophyllum thymifolium.
Iridoids and phenylethanoid glycosides from the aerial parts of Ajuga tenorei, an endemic Italian species.
Morinlongosides A-C, Two New Naphthalene Glycoside and a New Iridoid Glycoside from the Roots of Morinda longissima.
Iridoid glycoside permethylation enhances chromatographic separation and chemical ionization.
Potential Therapeutic Effects of Oleuropein Aglycone in Alzheimer's Disease.
Iridoid Glycosides from Tabebuia avellanedae.
Two new bioactive iridoids from Rothmannia wittii.
Phytochemistry, micromorphology and bioactivities of Ajuga chamaepitys (L.) Schreb. (Lamiaceae, Ajugoideae): Two new harpagide derivatives and an unusual iridoid glycosides pattern.
Dipasperoside B, a New Trisiridoid Glucoside from Dipsacus asper.
Iridoid Esters from Tabebuia avellanedae and Their In Vitro Anti-inflammatory Activities.
Research Progress of Natural Product Gentiopicroside - a Secoiridoid Compound.
Anti-inflammatory and Quinone Reductase Inducing Compounds from Fermented Noni (Morinda citrifolia) Juice Exudates.
Iridoid glycosides from the flowers of Gentiana macrophylla Pall. ameliorate collagen-induced arthritis in rats.
Selective Extraction of Gardenia Yellow and Geniposide from Gardenia jasminoides by Mechanochemistry.
Oleuropein aglycone and polyphenols from olive mill waste water ameliorate cognitive deficits and neuropathology.
Rapid Identification and Assignation of the Active Ingredients in Fufang Banbianlian Injection Using HPLC-DAD-ESI-IT-TOF-MS.
Kinetics and molecular docking studies of loganin, morroniside and 7-O-galloyl-D-sedoheptulose derived from Corni fructus as cholinesterase and 尾-secretase 1 inhibitors.
The effective components of Huanglian Jiedu Decoction against sepsis evaluated by a lipid A-based affinity biosensor.
[Identification of chemical constituents in Scrophulariae Radix by HPLC-IT-TOF-MS].
[Iridoids from stem bark of Syringa pinnatifolia].
The effect of oleuropein from olive leaf (Olea europaea) extract on Ca虏鈦?homeostasis, cytotoxicity, cell cycle distribution and ROS signaling in HepG2 human hepatoma cells.
Constituents of Fagraea fragrans with Antimycobacterial Activity in Combination with Erythromycin.
Iridoid Glucosides and Diterpenoids from Caryopteris glutinosa.
Cardioprotection against experimental myocardial ischemic injury using cornin.
Bioactive Iridoid Glycosides from the Whole Plants of Rehmannia chingii.
Anti-inflammatory iridoids from the stems of Cistanche deserticola cultured in Tarim Desert.
Non-alkaloid constituents of Vinca major.
Secoiridoids and other chemotaxonomically relevant compounds in Pedicularis: phytochemical analysis and comparison of Pedicularis rostratocapitata Crantz and Pedicularis verticillata L. from Dolomites.
[Near infrared spectrum monitoring of scale up process for macroporous resin purification of Grardeniae extract].
Chemical constituents and in vitro anti-inflammatory activity of Cistanche violacea Desf. (Orobanchaceae) extract.
Isolation and purification of six iridoid glycosides from gardenia jasminoides fruit by medium-pressure liquid chromatography combined with macroporous resin chromatography.
Two new secoiridoids and other anti-hepatitis B virus active constituents from Swertia patens.
Chromatographic Evaluation and Characterization of Components of Gentian Root Extract Used as Food Additives.
New Iridoid Glycosides with Antidepressant Activity Isolated from Cyperus rotundus.
A new secoiridoid glycoside from the fruits of Cornus officinalis (Cornaceae).
Employment of High-Performance Thin-Layer Chromatography for the Quantification of Oleuropein in Olive Leaves and the Selection of a Suitable Solvent System for Its Isolation with Centrifugal Partition Chromatography.
Monitoring the oleuropein content of olive leaves and fruits using ultrasound- and salt-assisted liquid-liquid extraction optimized by response surface methodology and high-performance liquid chromatography.
Hepatoprotective iridoid glucosides from Callicarpa nudiflora.
Iridoids and Flavonoids of Four Siberian Gentians: Chemical Profile and Gastric Stimulatory Effect.
Enzymatic Hydrolysis and Simultaneous Extraction for Preparation of Genipin from Bark of Eucommia ulmoides after Ultrasound, Microwave Pretreatment.
Two New Compounds from Hedyotis lindleyana.
In vitro COX-1 and COX-2 enzyme inhibitory activities of iridoids from Penstemon barbatus, Castilleja tenuiflora, Cresentia alata and Vitex mollis.
Iridoids and sesquiterpenoids of Valeriana stenoptera and their effects on NGF-induced neurite outgrowth in PC12 cells.
Hepatoprotective activity of total iridoid glycosides isolated from Paederia scandens (lour.) Merr. var. tomentosa.
RP-HPLC analysis of seco-iridoid glycoside swertiamarin from different Swertia species.
The effects of mineral nitrogen limitation, competition, arbuscular mycorrhiza, and their respective interactions, on morphological and chemical plant traits of Plantago lanceolata.
Three new iridoids from two Viburnum species.
Cornin increases angiogenesis and improves functional recovery after stroke via the Ang1/Tie2 axis and the Wnt/尾-catenin pathway.
The 伪-Glucosidase and 伪-Amylase Enzyme Inhibitory of Hydroxytyrosol and Oleuropein.
Chemical and Biological Investigation of Olive Mill Waste Water - OMWW Secoiridoid Lactones.
Simultaneous quantitation and validation of method for the quality evaluation of Eucommiae cortex by HPLC/UV.
Iridoids and phenylethanoid from Pedicularis kerneri Dalla Torre growing in Dolomites, Italy.
Evaluation of safety of iridoids rich fraction from Valeriana jatamansi Jones: Acute and sub-chronic toxicity study in mice and rats.
Reassessment of Melittis melissophyllum L. subsp. melissophyllum iridoidic fraction.
Gentiopicroside prevents interleukin-1 beta induced inflammation response in rat articular chondrocyte.
Preventive effects of oleuropein against cardiac remodeling after myocardial infarction in Wistar rat through inhibiting angiotensin-converting enzyme activity.
Modulation effects of sweroside isolated from the Lonicera japonica on melanin synthesis.
New anti-trypanosomal active tetracyclic iridoid isolated from Morinda lucida Benth.
Loganin and secologanin derived tryptamine-iridoid alkaloids from Palicourea crocea and Palicourea padifolia (Rubiaceae).
Simultaneous determination of four secoiridoid and iridoid glycosides in rat plasma by ultra performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry and its application to a comparative pharmacokinetic study.
Herb extracts and collagen hydrolysate improve skin damage resulting from ultraviolet-induced aging in hairless mice.
Iridoid constituents from the male flower of Eucommia ulmoides and their promotion proliferation on ESF-1.
Temperature model for process impact non-uniformity in genipin recovery by high pressure processing.
Three decomposition products of valepotriates from Valeriana jatamansi and their cytotoxic activity.
Piscroside C, a novel iridoid glycoside isolated from Pseudolysimachion rotundum var. subinegrum suppresses airway inflammation induced by cigarette smoke.
Three new iridoids from leaves of Cornus officinalis.
[Determination of eleven major components and fingerprint chromatography for Reduning injection by UPLC].
Three new secoiridoid glycosides from the rhizomes and roots of Gentiana scabra and their anti-inflammatory activities.
Five new secoiridoid glycosides and one unusual lactonic enol ketone with anti-HBV activity from Swertia cincta.
Iridoid glucosides in the endemic Picconia azorica (Oleaceae).
Chemical constituents of Swertia mussotii and their anti-hepatitis B virus activity.
Iridoids and sesquiterpenoids from the roots of Valeriana jatamansi Jones.
New Lignans and Iridoid Glycosides from Dipsacus asper Wall.
Systematic separation and purification of iridoid glycosides and crocetin derivatives from Gardenia jasminoides Ellis by high-speed counter-current chromatography.
Catalpol: a potential therapeutic for neurodegenerative diseases.
Iridoid glycosides from Barleria lupulina.
Teucrium polium phenylethanol and iridoid glycoside characterization and flavonoid inhibition of biofilm-forming Staphylococcus aureus.
Nano-liquid chromatography coupled to time-of-flight mass spectrometry for phenolic profiling: a case study in cranberry syrups.
Characterization of monovarietal virgin olive oils by phenols profiling.
Monotropein exerts protective effects against IL-1尾-induced apoptosis and catabolic responses on osteoarthritis chondrocytes.
Further iridoid glucosides in the genus Manulea (Scrophulariaceae).
Anti-inflammatory secoiridoid glycosides from Gentianella azurea.
Influence of processing procedure on the quality of Radix Scrophulariae: a quantitative evaluation of the main compounds obtained by accelerated solvent extraction and high-performance liquid chromatography.
RP-HPLC-DAD method for the identification of two potential antioxidant agents namely verminoside and 1-O-(E)-caffeoyl-尾-gentiobiose from Spathodea campanulata leaves.
Scropolioside B inhibits IL-1尾 and cytokines expression through NF-魏B and inflammasome NLRP3 pathways.
Polar compounds from Parentucellia viscosa (L.) Caruel from Sardinia.
Effects of the olive-derived polyphenol oleuropein on human health.
Five new iridoids from roots of Salvia digitaloides.
Phytochemistry and pharmacology of the genus pedicularis used in traditional Chinese medicine.
A new iridoid derivative from the roots of Scrophularia buergeriana.
Separation of catalpol from Rehmannia glutinosa Libosch. by high-speed countercurrent chromatography.
[Isolation and identification of nine iridoid glycosides from Lamiophlomis rotata by HPLC combining PDA and MS].
A new secoiridoid glycosidic lignan ester from the leaves of Olea ferruginea.
Membrane stabilisation: a possible anti-inflammatory mechanism for the extracts and compounds from Spathodea campanulata.
An iridoid glucoside and the related aglycones from Cornus florida.
Antioxidant and anti-inflammatory caffeoyl phenylpropanoid and secoiridoid glycosides from Jasminum nervosum stems, a Chinese folk medicine.
Secoiridoid/iridoid subtype bis-iridoids from Pterocephalus hookeri.
[Study on chemical constituents of iridoids from eucommiae folium].
Four new bis-iridoids isolated from the traditional Tibetan herb Pterocephalus hookeri.
Two new iridoids from Verbena officinalis L.
Secoiridoid type of antiallergic substances in olive waste materials of three Japanese varieties of Olea europaea.
Iridoid glycosides isolated from Scrophularia dentata Royle ex Benth. and their anti-inflammatory activity.
Anti-atherosclerotic effect of geniposidic acid in a rabbit model and related cellular mechanisms.
Influence of olive leaf processing on the bioaccessibility of bioactive polyphenols.
Hepatoprotective coumarins and secoiridoids from Hydrangea paniculata.
Cytotoxicity studies of semi-synthetic derivatives of theveside derived from the aqueous extract of leaves of 'suicide tree' Cerbera odollam.
The antibacterial activity of phytochemically characterised fractions from Folium Syringae.
[1H NMR based metabonomics study on the antidepressant effect of genipin in rat hippocampus].
Isolation and screened neuroprotective active constituents from the roots and rhizomes of Valeriana amurensis.
In vivo and in vitro immunomodulatory potential of swertiamarin isolated from Enicostema axillare (Lam.) A. Raynal that acts as an anti-inflammatory agent.
Iridoid glycosides from Alonsoa meridionalis.
Application of quantitative 1H-NMR method to determination of gentiopicroside in Gentianae radix and Gentianae scabrae radix.
Comparative studies for screening of bioactive constituents from various parts of Incarvillea emodi.
Dipasperoside A, a novel pyridine alkaloid-coupled iridoid glucoside from the roots of Dipsacus asper.
Three new iridoid glucoside salts from Hedyotis tenelliflora Growing in Vietnam.
The effect of stroke and other components in Xing-Nao-Jing on the pharmacokinetics of geniposide.
Polyphenols benefits of olive leaf (Olea europaea L) to human health.
Unexpected secoiridoid glucosides from Manulea corymbosa.
Iridoid and phenylpropanoid glycosides from Scrophularia ningpoensis Hemsl. and their 伪-glucosidase inhibitory activities.
A sensitive UPLC-MS/MS method for simultaneous determination of eleven bioactive components of Tong-Xie-Yao-Fang decoction in rat biological matrices.
Homosecoiridoid alkaloids with amino acid units from the flower buds of Lonicera japonica.
Simultaneous determination of bioactive marker compounds from Gardeniae fructus by high performance liquid chromatography.
Analysis of flavonoids and iridoids in Vitex negundo by HPLC-PDA and method validation.
Preparative separation of crocins and geniposide simultaneously from gardenia fruits using macroporous resin and reversed-phase chromatography.
Rapid preparative separation of six bioactive compounds from Gentiana crassicaulis Duthie ex Burk. using microwave-assisted extraction coupled with high-speed counter-current chromatography.
Conjugates of a secoiridoid glucoside with a phenolic glucoside from the flower buds of Lonicera japonica Thunb.
Three new iridoid glycosides from the fruit of gardenia jasminoides var. radicans.
Anti-inflammatory activity of iridoids and verbascoside isolated from Castilleja tenuiflora.
[Study on directional separation of picroside II from extract of traditional Chinese medicine by molecularly imprinted technology].
From olive drupes to olive oil. An HPLC-orbitrap-based qualitative and quantitative exploration of olive key metabolites.
Monoterpenes with antibacterial activities from a Cameroonian medicinal plant Canthium Multiflorum (Rubiaceae).
[Analysis on chemical constituents of Gardenia jasminoides by UHPLC-Q-TOFMS].
[Study on the chemical components of Gardenia jasminoides (II)].
New secoiridoids from the fruits of Ligustrum lucidum Ait with triglyceride accumulation inhibitory effects.
Rigenolide A, a new secoiridoid glucoside with a cyclobutane skeleton, and three new acylated secoiridoid glucosides from Gentiana rigescens Franch.
Separation and purification of water-soluble iridoid glucosides by high speed counter-current chromatography combined with macroporous resin column separation.
Hybridaphniphyllines A and B, Daphniphyllum alkaloid and iridoid hybrids suggestive of Diels-Alder cycloaddition in Daphniphyllum longeracemosum.
Environmental friendly cold-mechanical/sonic enzymatic assisted extraction of genipin from genipap (Genipa americana).
Host dependent iridoid glycoside sequestration patterns in Cionus hortulanus.
Phytochemical analysis, biological evaluation and micromorphological study of Stachys alopecuros (L.) Benth. subsp. divulsa (Ten.) Grande endemic to central Apennines, Italy.
Effects of an aqueous extract from leaves of Ligustrum vulgare on mediators of inflammation in a human neutrophils model.
Comparative pharmacokinetics of swertiamarin in rats after oral administration of swertiamarin alone, Qing Ye Dan tablets and co-administration of swertiamarin and oleanolic acid.
Chiroptical properties of ajugol investigated by quantum chemical calculation using time-dependent density functional theory.
Three new secoiridoids, swermacrolactones A-C and anti-hepatitis B virus activity from Swertia macrosperma.
Arbortristoside-A and 7-O-trans-cinnamoyl-6尾-hydroxyloganin isolated from Nyctanthes arbortristis possess anti-ulcerogenic and ulcer-healing properties.
[Study on the chemical constituents of fructus gardeniae].
[Rapid recognition and identification of chemical constituents in Qinghuo Zhimai tablets by SPE-HPLC-ESI-MS(n)].
Two new cytotoxic iridoid esters from the rhizomes and roots of Patrinia heterophylla Bunge.
[Chemical constituents of Dipsacus asper].
Nyctanthes arbor-tristis positively affects immunopathology of malaria-infected mice prolonging its survival.
Tyrosinase inhibitors from Calceolaria integrifolia s.l.: Calceolaria talcana aerial parts.
Iridoid and bis-iridoid glucosides from the fruit of Gardenia jasminoides.
Pipette tip solid-phase extraction and ultra-performance liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry based rapid analysis of picrosides from Picrorhiza scrophulariiflora.
Induction of apoptosis in human pancreatic MiaPaCa-2 cells through the loss of mitochondrial membrane potential (螖唯m) by Gentiana kurroo root extract and LC-ESI-MS analysis of its principal constituents.
Analyses of the iridoid glucoside dimers in Paederia scandens using HPLC-ESI-MS/MS.
A novel lactone from Tripterospermum chinense.
Catalpol suppresses advanced glycation end-products-induced inflammatory responses through inhibition of reactive oxygen species in human monocytic THP-1 cells.
Xenohormetic and anti-aging activity of secoiridoid polyphenols present in extra virgin olive oil: a new family of gerosuppressant agents.
A chemical-biological study reveals C9-type iridoids as novel heat shock protein 90 (Hsp90) inhibitors.
[Optimization of the extraction process for qingrejiedu oral liquid with synthesizing multiple guidelines grading method].
Chemical profile, radical scavenging and cytotoxic activity of yellow gentian leaves (Genitaneae luteaefolium) grown in northern regions of Montenegro.
Antioxidant effect and study of bioactive components of Valeriana sisymbriifolia and Nardostachys jatamansii in comparison to Valeriana officinalis.
Iridoid compound 10-O-trans-p-coumaroylcatalpol extends longevity and reduces 伪 synuclein aggregation in Caenorhabditis elegans.
[Simultaneous determination of eight iridoid glycosides in Gardeniae fructus by HPLC].
New iridoid glycoside and triterpenoid glycoside from Premna fulva.
Terpenoids from Incarvillea arguta.
Fructus Gardenia (Gardenia jasminoides J. Ellis) phytochemistry, pharmacology of cardiovascular, and safety with the perspective of new drugs development.
New iridoid glycoside from Gratiola officinalis.
Antithrombotic activities of aqueous extract from Gardenia jasminoides and its main constituent.
Two novel secoiridoid glucosides from Tripterospermum chinense.
Coumarin glycosides and iridoid glucosides with neuroprotective effects from Hydrangea paniculata.
Cytotoxic iridoids from the roots of Patrinia scabra.
Hepatoprotective iridoid glycosides from the roots of Rehmannia glutinosa.
Acylated iridoids from the roots of Valeriana officinalis var. latifolia.
Secoiridoids from the stem barks of Fraxinus rhynchophylla with pancreatic lipase inhibitory activity.
[Enzymatic extraction and antibacterial activity of aucubin from Eucommia ulmoides leaves].
[Water-soluble chemical constituents in flower buds of Lonicera macranthoides].
Isolation, structural elucidation, and neuroprotective effects of iridoids from Valeriana jatamansi.
[Chemical constituents of Halenia elliptica].
Supercritical CO鈧俛ssisted extraction and LC-MS identification of picroside I and picroside II from Picrorhiza kurroa.
Analgesic effect of iridoid glycosides from Paederia scandens (LOUR.) MERRILL (Rubiaceae) on spared nerve injury rat model of neuropathic pain.
Four new N-contained iridoid glycosides from flower buds of Lonicera japonica.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitory activity and antioxidant properties of Nepeta crassifolia Boiss & Buhse and Nepeta binaludensis Jamzad.
Iridoid glucosides and a C鈧佲們-norisoprenoid from Lamiophlomis rotata and their effects on NF-魏B activation.
Minor iridoids from Scutellaria albida ssp. albida. Inhibitory potencies on lipoxygenase, linoleic acid lipid peroxidation and antioxidant activity of iridoids from Scutellaria sp.
Ultrasound-assisted extraction of geniposide from Gardenia jasminoides.
Seven new secoiridoids with anti-hepatitis B virus activity from Swertia angustifolia.
In vitro and in vivo immunomodulatory activities of iridoids fraction from Barleria prionitis Linn.
Constituents of Kenyan Gardenia volkensii.
New iridoid from aerial parts of Mussaenda roxburghii.
Anti-inflammatory iridoids of botanical origin.
Iridoid and phenylethanoid glycosides in the New Zealand sun hebes (Veronica; Plantaginaceae).
Screening, identification, and potential interaction of active compounds from Eucommia ulmodies leaves binding with bovine serum albumin.
Phytochemical composition of polar fraction of Stachys germanica L. subsp. salviifolia (Ten.) Gams, a typical plant of Majella National Park.
Novel iridoids from the flowers of Campsis grandiflora.
Screening of glycoside isomers in P. scrophulariiflora using ionic liquid-based ultrasonic-assisted extraction and ultra-performance liquid chromatography/electrospray ionization quadrupole time-of-flight tandem mass spectrometry.
Rare noriridoids from the roots of Andrographis paniculata.
Two new iridoid glycosides from the root barks of Sambucus williamsii Hance.
Six new secoiridoids from the dried fruits of Ligustrum lucidum.
Iridoids from the roots of Valeriana jatamansi.
Chemical constituents from the fruits of Gardenia jasminoides Ellis.
Antiparasitic antioxidant phenylpropanoids and iridoid glycosides from Tecoma mollis.
[Iridoid glycosides from buds of Jasminum officinale L. var. grandiflorum].
Distribution of iridiod glucosides and anti-oxidant compounds in Spathodea campanulata parts.
Antifungal activity of plumericin and isoplumericin.
Chemical analysis of Penstemon campanulatus (Cav.) Willd.--antimicrobial activities.
Comparative study on 伪-glucosidase inhibitory effects of total iridoid glycosides in the crude products and the wine-processed products from Cornus officinalis.
Isolation and characterization of secondary metabolites from Plumeria obtusa.
Antihyperglycemic effect of iridoid glucoside, isolated from the leaves of Vitex negundo in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats with special reference to glycoprotein components.
Phytochemical analysis of Plantago sempervirens from Majella National Park.
[Optimization of microwave-assisted extraction with RSM and HPLC determination for three iridoid glycosides in Cornus officinalis].
A new iridoid from Guettarda grazielae M.R.V. Barbosa (Rubiaceae).
Phenol esters and other constituents from the stem barks of Stereospermum acuminatissimum.
Evaluation of morroniside, iridoid glycoside from Corni Fructus, on diabetes-induced alterations such as oxidative stress, inflammation, and apoptosis in the liver of type 2 diabetic db/db mice.
Introgression of the heterologous nuclear DNAs and efficacious compositions from Swertia tetraptera Maxim. into Bupleurum scorzonerifolium Willd. via somatic hybridization.
Secoiridoid glucosides and related compounds from Syringa reticulata and their antioxidant activities.
Effect of storage time and conditions on the diene valepotriates content of the extract of Valeriana glechomifolia obtained by supercritical carbon dioxide.
Homosecoiridoids from the flower buds of Lonicera japonica.
Hepato-protective effects of loganin, iridoid glycoside from Corni Fructus, against hyperglycemia-activated signaling pathway in liver of type 2 diabetic db/db mice.
Isolation of gentiopicroside from Gentianae Radix and its pharmacokinetics on liver ischemia/reperfusion rats.
Qualitative analysis of the chemical constituents in Hedyotis diffusa by HPLC-TOF-MS.
Swerilactones L-O, secoiridoids with C鈧佲倐 and C鈧佲們 skeletons from Swertia mileensis.
[Studies on the chemical constituents from stems and leaves of Lonicera macranthoides].
A new iridoid glycoside and NO production inhibitory activity of compounds isolated from Russelia equisetiformis.
New secoiridoid from olive mill wastewater.
[Purification of geniposide in the extract fluid of Gardenia jasminoides with macroporous absorption resin].
Iridoids from the roots of Valeriana jatamansi and their neuroprotective effects.
Phenolic composition, isolation, and structure of a new deoxyloganic acid derivative from Dhokar and Gemri-Dhokar olive cultivars.
Four new iridoid glucosides from Ajuga reptans.
Allergy-preventive effects of chlorogenic acid and iridoid derivatives from flower buds of Lonicera japonica.
A new iridoid compound from Patrinia rupestris (Pall.) Juss.
Counter-current chromatographic method for preparative scale isolation of picrosides from traditional Chinese medicine Picrorhiza scrophulariiflora.
Isolation of chemical constituents from the aerial parts of Verbascum thapsus and their antiangiogenic and antiproliferative activities.
Isolation of two major iridoid glucosides from Incarvillea emodi.
Iridoid glycosides and glycosidic constituents from Eriophyton wallichii Benth.
Bisindole alkaloids and secoiridoids from Alstonia macrophylla Wall. ex G. Don.
Iridoid content and biological activities of Veronica cuneifolia subsp. cuneifolia and V. cymbalaria.
Effects of Swertia japonica extract and its main compound swertiamarin on gastric emptying and gastrointestinal motility in mice.
Iridoid and phenylethanoid glucosides from Veronica lavaudiana.
In vitro effect of valepotriates isolated from Valeriana glechomifolia on rat P-type ATPases.
[Study on the chemical constituents of Phlomis younghusbandii].
Simultaneous determination of iridoid glycosides and flavanoids in Lamionphlomis rotate and its herbal preparation by a simple and rapid capillary zone electrophoresis method.
Glucosyloxybenzyl eucomate derivatives from Vanda teres stimulate HaCaT cytochrome c oxidase.
HCV-NS3/4A protease inhibitory iridoid glucosides and dimeric foliamenthoic acid derivatives from Anarrhinum orientale.
[Study on transmission rate and quantitative structure-property relationships of alkaloids and iridoid compounds on UF membranes with MWCOS of 1000].
Iridoids from leaves of Gelsemium elegans.
A comparison of sample preparation techniques for quantifying iridoid glycosides sequestered by lepidopteran larvae.
Phytochemicals and biological activities of Dipsacus species.
[Studies on the chemical constituents from the roots of Tinospora sagittata var. yunnanensis (II)].
Analysis of the interactions of multicomponents in Cornus officinalis Sieb. et Zucc. with human serum albumin using on-line dialysis coupled with HPLC.
Leaf chemistry and foliage avoidance by the thrips Frankliniella occidentalis and Heliothrips haemorrhoidalis in glasshouse collections.
Lavandulifolioside B: a new phenylethanoid glycoside from the aerial parts of Stachys lavandulifolia Vahl.
[Preparation of gentiopicroside from the extract of Swertia mussotii Franch by preparative high performance liquid chromatography].
Chemical constituents and biological applications of the genus Symplocos.
Antibacterial and antifungal screening of Centaurium pulchellum crude extracts and main secoiridoid compounds.
Anti-inflammatory effect of Ajuga bracteosa Wall Ex Benth. mediated through cyclooxygenase (COX) inhibition.
Anti-inflammatory effects of iridoid glycosides fraction of Folium syringae leaves on TNBS-induced colitis in rats.
Scyphiphin D, a new iridoid glucoside dimer from Scyphiphora hydrophyllacea.
Repellent activity of catmint, Nepeta cataria, and iridoid nepetalactone isomers against Afro-tropical mosquitoes, ixodid ticks and red poultry mites.
Analysis of iridoids, secoiridoids and xanthones in Centaurium erythraea, Frasera caroliniensis and Gentiana lutea using LC-MS and RP-HPLC.
[Studies on the chemical constituents of Buddleja albiflora (II)].
Anti-inflammatory activity of Penstemon gentianoides and Penstemon campanulatus.
Iridoid and acyclic monoterpene glycosides, kankanosides L, M, N, O, and P from Cistanche tubulosa.
Revision of the Structures of 1,5-Dihydroxy-3,8-epoxyvalechlorine, Volvaltrate B, and Valeriotetrate C from Valeriana jatamansi and V. officinalis.
New iridoids from the fruits of Crescentia cujete.
Evaluation of loganin, iridoid glycoside from Corni Fructus, on hepatic and renal glucolipotoxicity and inflammation in type 2 diabetic db/db mice.
Chlorinated iridoid glucosides from Veronica longifolia and their antioxidant activity.
Chemical constituents of Gentiana macrophylla Pall.
Two new dimeric secoiridoid glycosides from the fruits of Ligustrum lucidum.
Two new secoiridoid glycosides from Verbena officinalis.
Geniposide inhibits high glucose-induced cell adhesion through the NF-kappaB signaling pathway in human umbilical vein endothelial cells.
Bioassay-guided isolation of anti-inflammatory, antinociceptive and wound healer glycosides from the flowers of Verbascum mucronatum Lam.
Iridoid extracts from Ajuga iva increase the antioxidant enzyme activities in red blood cells of rats fed a cholesterol-rich diet.
Isolation and anti-inflammatory activity evaluation of triterpenoids and a monoterpenoid glycoside from Harpagophytum procumbens.
Three new secoiridoid glycoside dimers from Swertia mileensis.
A secoiridoid with quinone reductase inducing activity from Cortex fraxini.
Scyphiphin C, a new iridoid from Scyphiphora hydrophyllacea.
Simultaneous determination of four marker components in Yukmijihwang Tang by high performance liquid chromatography/diode array detector.
New iridoid glycosides from the twigs and leaves of Callicarpa formosana var. formosana.
Iridoid glycosides from Saprosma ternatum.
[Preliminary study to investigate dynamic extract process of Huanglian Jiedu Tang and the mechanism of subsidence produce].
Qualitative screening of phenolic compounds in olive leaf extracts by hyphenated liquid chromatography and preliminary evaluation of cytotoxic activity against human breast cancer cells.
Aitchisonides A and B, new iridoid glucosides from Aitchisonia rosea.
Two new secoiridoid glycosides from the leaves of Olea europaea L.
Iridoids and lignans from Valeriana jatamansi.
New anti-malarial phenylpropanoid conjugated iridoids from Morinda morindoides.
New secoiridoid glucosides from Ligustrum lucidum induce ERK and CREB phosphorylation in cultured cortical neurons.
Studies on a chlorogenic acid-producing endophytic fungi isolated from Eucommia ulmoides Oliver.
Sequestration of glucosinolates and iridoid glucosides in sawfly species of the genus Athalia and their role in defense against ants.
Two new iridoid glucosides from Hedyotis diffusa.
Iridoid glycoside variation in the invasive plant Dalmatian toadflax, Linaria dalmatica (Plantaginaceae), and sequestration by the biological control agent, Calophasia lunula.
DNA-damaging, mutagenic, and clastogenic activities of gentiopicroside isolated from Cephalaria kotschyi roots.
Monoterpenoid glucoindole alkaloids and iridoids from Pterocephalus pinardii.
Synthesis and assignment of absolute configuration of the iridoid 9-deoxygelsemide.
Evaluation of human neutrophil elastase inhibitory effect of iridoid glycosides from Hedyotis diffusa.
Iridoids from Fraxinus excelsior with adipocyte differentiation-inhibitory and PPARalpha activation activity.
Active ingredients of traditional Japanese (kampo) medicine, inchinkoto, in murine concanavalin A-induced hepatitis.
[Selective enrichment of iridoid glucosides in Hedyotis diffusa Willd. by tandem solid phase extraction].
Lamiridosins, hepatitis C virus entry inhibitors from Lamium album.
Secoiridoid glucosides and unusual recyclized secoiridoid aglycones from Ligustrum vulgare.
Isolation of antifungal compounds from Gardenia jasminoides.
Iridoid glycosides from the leaves of Sambucus ebulus.
Elucidation of anti-inflammatory potencies of Eucommia ulmoides bark and Plantago asiatica seeds.
Secoiridoid and iridoid glucosides from the leaves of Fraxinus griffithii.
Iridoids and sesquiterpenoids from the roots of Valeriana officinalis.
Hepatoprotective and antioxidant activity of two iridoids from Mussaenda 'dona aurora'.
Antioxidant efficacy of iridoid and phenylethanoid glycosides from the medicinal plant Teucrium chamaedris in cell-free systems.
Bioactive iridoid glucosides from the fruit of Gardenia jasminoides.
Swertiamarin: a lead from Enicostemma littorale Blume. for anti-hyperlipidaemic effect.
Phytochemistry and biological activities of Phlomis species.
Two new secoiridoid glycosides from the rhizomes of Gentiana scabra Bunge.
Iridoid glycosides from Barleria trispinosa.
Preparative purification of morroniside and loganin from Fructus corni by combination of macroporous absorption resin and HSCCC.
Cognitive-enhancing activity of loganin isolated from Cornus officinalis in scopolamine-induced amnesic mice.
A new iridoid from Adenosma caeruleum R. Br.
Further studies on the chemical constituents of Chinese folk medicine Gentiana apiata N.E. Br.
In vitro relaxant and spasmolytic effects of constituents from Viburnum prunifolium and HPLC quantification of the bioactive isolated iridoids.
Gardenia jasminoides Ellis ethanol extract and its constituents reduce the risks of gastritis and reverse gastric lesions in rats.
Study of chemical composition and antimicrobial activity of leaves and roots of Scrophularia ningpoensis.
Iridoid glucosides from leaves and stem barks of Parkia javanica.
Extraction of aucubin from seeds of Eucommia ulmoides Oliv. using supercritical carbon dioxide.
[Two iridoid glycoside from roots of Phlomis medicinalis].
Iridoid glycosides from Gardeniae Fructus for treatment of ankle sprain.
Antihepatotoxic activity and chemical constituents of Buddleja asiatica Lour.
Antioxidative iridoid glycosides and phenolic compounds from Veronica peregrina.
Acylated iridoids with cytotoxicity from Valeriana jatamansi.
Iridoid glucoside, (3R)-oct-1-en-3-ol glycosides, and phenylethanoid from the aerial parts of Caryopteris incana.
Gentiopicrin-producing endophytic fungus isolated from Gentiana macrophylla.
Isolation and identification of hemostatic ingredients from Lamiophlomis rotata (Benth.) Kudo.
Cornel iridoid glycoside promotes neurogenesis and angiogenesis and improves neurological function after focal cerebral ischemia in rats.
A novel iridoid from Torricellia angulata var intermedia.
Fagraldehyde, a secoiridoid isolated from Fagraea fragrans.
Biosynthesis and biotransformations of phenol-conjugated oleosidic secoiridoids from Olea europaea L.
Antiedematogenic and free radical scavenging activity of swertiamarin isolated from Enicostemma axillare.
An iridoid and a flavonoid from Sideritis lanata L.
Catalpol protects mesencephalic neurons against MPTP induced neurotoxicity via attenuation of mitochondrial dysfunction and MAO-B activity.
New secoiridoid glycosides from the roots of Picrorhiza scrophulariiflora.
Dual inhibition of metallopeptidases ACE and NEP by extracts, and iridoids from Ligustrum vulgare L.
Iridoid glycoside constituents of Stachys lanata.
Chlorine-containing iridoid and iridoid glucoside, and other glucosides from leaves of Myoporum bontioides.
[A new secoiridoid from the flowers of Jasminum officinale L. var. grandiflorum].
Iridoid glucoside and sterol galactoside from Mussaenda macrophylla.
Inhibitors of bone resorption from Halenia corniculata.
Antibacterial iridoid glucosides from Eremostachys laciniata.
Iridoid glycosides from Gmelina arborea.
Cytotoxic activities of Stachys species.
[Studies on the chemical constituents in herb of Hedyotis diffusa].
Monoterpenoid indole alkaloids bearing an N4-Iridoid from Gelsemium elegans.
Negundoside, an irridiod glycoside from leaves of Vitex negundo, protects human liver cells against calcium-mediated toxicity induced by carbon tetrachloride.
Iridoidic pattern in endemic Sardinian plants: the case of Galium species.
Minor iridoids from the roots of Valeriana wallichii.
[Chemical constituents in root of Hemerocallis fulva].
New iridoids from Gelsemium species.
Evidence that geniposide abrogates norepinephrine-induced hypopigmentation by the activation of GLP-1R-dependent c-kit receptor signaling in melanocyte.
Secoiridoids and xanthones from Tylophora secamonoides Tsiang.
Iridoidal glucosides from Gentiana rhodantha.
Anti-nociceptive activity of aqueous fraction from the MeOH extracts of Paederia scandens in mice.
[Enrichment process of gentiopicroside from the leaves of Gentiana macropylla with macroporous resin].
Gynecological efficacy and chemical investigation of Vitex agnus-castus L. fruits growing in Egypt.
The iridoid glucoside, antirrhinoside, from Antirrhinum majus L. has differential effects on two generalist insect herbivores.
Two new lignan glucosides from the fruit of Vitex cannabifolia.
Chemical constituents from Oldenlandia corymbosa L. of Thai origin.
Structure elucidation of five new iridoid glucosides from the leaves of Avicennia marina.
Lipoxygenase inhibiting and antioxidant iridoids from Buddleja crispa.
A comparable, chemical and pharmacological analysis of the traditional Chinese medicinal herbs Oldenlandia diffusa and O. corymbosa and a new valuation of their biological potential.
[Terpenoid glycosides from stem of Luculia pinceana].
[Preparative separation of gentiopicrin from Radix Gentianae by high-speed counter-current chromatography with macroporous resin].
[Research advances in pharmacology of aucubin and aucubigenin].
Pyridinium alkaloid-coupled secoiridoids from the flower buds of Lonicera japonica.
Glycosides from the bark of Adina polycephala.
[Studies on the chemical constituents of Phlomis younghusbandii].
Chemosystematic value of chemical constituents from Scabiosa hymettia (Dipsacaceae).
Further pharmacological evidence of the neuroprotective effect of catalpol from Rehmannia glutinosa.
Phenolic and iridoid glycosides from Strychnos axillaris.
Anti-inflammatory and antinociceptive activity of arbortristoside-A.
Novel reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography stationary phase with oligo(ethylene glycol) "click" to silica.
[HPLC fingerprint of Phlomis younghusbandii].
Abietane lactones and iridoids from Goldfussia yunnanensis.
On the chemical constituents of Dipsacus asper.
Sorbifolivaltrates A-D, diene valepotriates from Valeriana sorbifolia(1).
Pedicularioside A from Buddleia lindleyana inhibits cell death induced by 1-methyl-4-phenylpyridinium ions (MPP+) in primary cultures of rat mesencephalic neurons.
[Study of catalpol promoting axonal growth for cultured cortical neurons from rats].
[Studies on chemical constituents of in herb Pyrola calliatha].
[Research on isolation and purification of total iridoid glycosides from herbal Lamiophlomis rotata].
Chemotaxonomy of iridoids in Linaria vulgaris.
Iridoid glycosyl esters from Scrophularia ningpoensis.
Synthesis of monoterpene alkaloid derivatives from the iridoid glucoside geniposide.
Iridoid glucosides with insecticidal activity from Galium melanantherum.
Simultaneous determination of swertiamarin and its metabolites (5Z)-5-ethylidene-8-hydroxy-3,4,5,6,7,8-hexahydro-1H-pyrano[3,4-c]pyridin-1-one and erythrocentaurin in broth of Aspergillus niger by HPLC.
Isolation and purification of iridoid glycosides from Gardenia jasminoides Ellis by isocratic reversed-phase two-dimensional preparative high-performance liquid chromatography with column switch technology.
Iridoids from Pentas lanceolata.
[Advances in research on pharmacodynamics and chemical conversion of catalpol].
[Study on antioxidant activity of two major secoiridoid glucosides in the fruits of Ligustrum lucidum Ait].
Antioxidant and neurosedative properties of polyphenols and iridoids from Lippia alba.
Quantitative analysis of iridoids, secoiridoids, xanthones and xanthone glycosides in Gentiana lutea L. roots by RP-HPLC and LC-MS.
Iridoids from the green leaves of Eucommia ulmoides.
Prismatomerin, a new iridoid from Prismatomeris tetrandra. Structure elucidation, determination of absolute configuration, and cytotoxicity.
[Studies on chemical constituents of Eriophyton wallichii].
A novel iridoid glycoside from the aerial parts of the Tunisian Prasium majus.
Secoiridoid components from Jasminum grandiflorum.
Iridoids from Scutellaria albida ssp. albida.
Pensteminoside, an unusual catalpol-type iridoid from Penstemon gentianoides HBK (Plantaginaceae).
Constituents of Cissus quadrangularis.
A new iridoid and other chemical constituents from Pedicularis kansuensis forma albiflora Li.
Morroniside and loganin extracted from Cornus officinalis have protective effects on rat mesangial cell proliferation exposed to advanced glycation end products by preventing oxidative stress.
Preparative isolation and purification of geniposide from gardenia fruits by centrifugal partition chromatography.
[Protective action of effective components of Huanglian Jiedu decoction on hypoxia and reoxygenation injury in cultured rat cerebral microvascular endothelial cells].
Phenylethanoids, iridoids and a spirostanol saponin from Veronica turrilliana.
Iridoid glycosides from the stems of Pithecoctenium crucigerum (Bignoniaceae).
Simultaneous quantification of seven bioactive components in Caulis Lonicerae Japonicae by high performance liquid chromatography.
Coumaroyl iridoids and a depside from cranberry (Vaccinium macrocarpon).
New constituents from the leaves of Morinda citrifolia.
Naturally occurring iridoids. A review, part 1.
[A new indole alkaloid glycoside from stems of Nauclea officinalis].
Iridoids from Crescentia alata.
Iridoid glucosides and flavones from the aerial parts of Avicennia marina.
Five new iridoids from Patrinia rupestris.
Bioassay-guided isolation of anti-inflammatory and antinociceptive glycoterpenoids from the flowers of Verbascum lasianthum Boiss. ex Bentham.
Iridoid glycosides and cucurbitacin glycoside from Neopicrorhiza scrophulariiflora.
[Pharmacological evaluation of baicalin and jasminoidin and their combination on focal cerebral ischemia-reperfusion injury].
[Experimental studies on hepatotoxicity of rats induced by Fructus Gardeniae].
New iridoid glucosides from the aerial parts of Verbena brasiliensis.
Novel Secoiridoid glucosides in Olea europaea leaves suffering from boron deficiency.
Two new iridoid glucosides from Picrorhiza scrophulariiflora.
Monoterpenoids from Stachys glutinosa L.
Modified secoiridoid from Acicarpha tribuloides and inhibition of nitric oxide production in LPS-activated macrophages.
Iridoid constituents of Tarenna attenuata.
Electrospray ionisation tandem mass spectrometric investigation of phenylpropanoids and secoiridoids from solid olive residue.
Two new iridoids from roots of Patrinia scabra Bunge.
Iridoid glucosides from Viburnum chinshanense.
A new iridoid tetraester from Valeriana jatamansi.
Two novel tetrairidoid glucosides from Dipsacus asper.
Suppressive effect of verproside isolated from Pseudolysimachion longifolium on airway inflammation in a mouse model of allergic asthma.
[Study on the chemical constituents of Buddleja purdomii].
Two phenylpropanoid glycosides from Neopicrorhiza scrophulariiflora.
[Study on chemical constituents from stem of Mallotus apelta].
Iridoid and lignan glycosides from Citharexylum spinosum L.
Iridoid glucosides from the aerial parts of Globularia alypum L. (Globulariaceae).
Geniposide from Gardenia jasminoides attenuates neuronal cell death in oxygen and glucose deprivation-exposed rat hippocampal slice culture.
Chemotaxonomy of Veroniceae and its allies in the Plantaginaceae.
Oligomeric secoiridoid glucosides from Jasminum abyssinicum.
[Isolation, purification and identification of geniposidic acid in Eucommia ulmoides oliv. by silica column chromatography, reversed-phase high performance liquid chromatography, liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization mass spectrometry and nuclear magnetic resonance].
[Studies on the chemical constituents in root of Gentiana macrophylla from Shaanxi].
New anthraquinone and iridoid from the fruits of Morinda citrifolia.
A new iridoid glycoside from Linaria genestifolia.
Lignan, phenolic and iridoid glycosides from Stereospermum cylindricum.
Immunosuppressive iridoids from the fruits of Gardenia jasminoides.
Iridoid glycosides and grayanane diterpenoids from the roots of Craibiodendron henryi.
Anti-inflammatory activity of verminoside from Kigelia africana and evaluation of cutaneous irritation in cell cultures and reconstituted human epidermis.
Inhibitory effect of Aucubin isolated from Eucommia ulmoides against UVB-induced matrix metalloproteinase-1 production in human skin fibroblasts.
Phytochemical constituents and hepatoprotective activity of Viburnum tinus.
Isolation of iridoid and secoiridoid glycosides and comparative study on Radix gentianae and related adulterants by HPLC analysis.
Iridoid glucosides from Kickxia abhaica D.A. Sutton from Scrophulariaceae.
11-Methoxyviburtinal, a new iridoid from Valeriana jatamansi.
Iridoid glycosides isolated from Oldenlandia diffusa inhibit LDL-oxidation.
[Isolation and characterization of phenylethanoid glycosides from Clerodendron bungei].
Iridoid glucosides from the fruit of Genipa americana.
Antinociceptive anti-inflammatory effect of Monotropein isolated from the root of Morinda officinalis.
Large-scale isolation and purification of geniposide from the fruit of Gardenia jasminoides Ellis by high-speed counter-current chromatography.
Secoiridoid glucosides from Strychnos spinosa.
Anti-inflammatory evaluation of gardenia extract, geniposide and genipin.
Humoral and cellular immune responses induced in mice by purified iridoid mixture that inhibits penetration of Schistosoma mansoni cercariae upon topical treatment of mice tails.
Iridoid glucosides from Viburnum sargenti.
[Effect of geniposide on serum IL-1beta and TNF-alpha of rheumatoid arthritis rats].
Bioassay-guided isolation of iridoid glucosides with antinociceptive and anti-inflammatory activities from Veronica anagallis-aquatica L.
A comparative chemotaxonomic study on Vinca sardoa steam and Vinca difformis pourret.
Flavonoids and iridoids from Stachys corsica.
Protective effects of aucubin isolated from Eucommia ulmoides against UVB-induced oxidative stress in human skin fibroblasts.
The anti-tumor effect and mechanisms of action of penta-acetyl geniposide.
Two new iridoid glycosides from the Tibetan folk medicine Swertia franchetiana.
Secoiridoid glycosides from Gentiana scabra.
Chemotaxonomic markers in Digitalideae (Plantaginaceae).
Application of capillary-scale NMR for the structure determination of phytochemicals.
Chemical constituents of the fruits of Morinda citrifolia (Noni) and their antioxidant activity.
[Content determination of loganic acid and gentiopicroside in Tebitan herbal medicines Gentiana macrophylla and G. straminea by HPLC].
[Studies on the chemical constitutents in herb of Verbena officinalis].
Further constituents from the bark of Tabebuia impetiginosa.
[Studies on purification of the extract of fructus Gardeniae for injection by macroreticular resins].
[Isolation and purification of three iridoids from Eucommia ulmoides Oliv. with stepwise gradient preparative liquid chromatography].
[Study on technology of extracting geniposidic acid from Eucommia ulmiodes and its application].
LC-DAD-MS/SPE-NMR hyphenation. A tool for the analysis of pharmaceutically used plant extracts: identification of isobaric iridoid glycoside regioisomers from Harpagophytum procumbens.
Cytotoxic iridoid aldehydes from Taiwanese Viburnum luzonicum.
Apoptosis induced by penta-acetyl geniposide in C6 glioma cells is associated with JNK activation and Fas ligand induction.
A new iridoid diglycoside from Clerodendrum chinense.
Two new iridoids from Patrinia scabra.
New acylated iridoid glucosides from Vitex altissima.
Iridoid glucosides and p-coumaroyl iridoids from Viburnum luzonicum and their cytotoxicity.
[Determination and comparision of gentiopicroside of various parts of five species of genus Gentiana collected from Xinjiang by TLCS].
Two new acylated iridoid glucosides from the aerial parts of Paederia scandens.
Studies on the constituents of Swertia japonica MAKINO I. On the structures of new secoiridoid diglycosides.
Iridoid glycosides from Eremostachys glabra.
Iridoids from the aerial parts of Verbena littoralis (Verbenaceae).
Comparison of extraction methods for secologanin and the quantitative analysis of secologanin from Symphoricarpos albus using 1H-NMR.
Aliphatic alcohol and iridoid glycosides from Asystasia intrusa.
Acylated iridoid glucosides from Veronica anagallis-aquatica.
Iridoid glucosides of Paederota lutea and the relationships between Paederota and Veronica.
Dopaol 2-keto- and 2,3-diketoglycosides from Chelone obliqua.
Studies on the constituents of Catalpa species. IX. Iridoids from the fallen leaves of Catalpa ovata G. Don.
Phenylethanoid and iridoid glycosides from the Thai medicinal plant, Barleria strigosa.
Iridoids as allelochemicals and DNA polymerase inhibitors.
Determination of aucubin and catalpol in Plantago species by micellar electrokinetic chromatography.
Phytochemical constituents from Diodia teres.
Separation and determination of gentiopicroside and swertiamarin in Tibetan medicines by micellar electrokinetic electrophoresis.
A novel iridoid from Boschniakia rossica.
A novel antibacterial iridoid and triterpene from Caiophora coronata.
Hostplant suitability and defensive chemistry of the Catalpa sphinx, Ceratomia catalpae.
Iridoids from Scrophularia buergeriana attenuate glutamate-induced neurotoxicity in rat cortical cultures.
Studies on the constituents of Gardenia species. III. New iridoid glycosides from the leaves of Gardenia jasminoides cv. fortuneana Hara.
Benzoxazinoids and iridoid glucosides from four Lamium species.
Iridoid glucosides from Strychnos nux-vomica.
Acylated flavone glycosides from Veronica.
New oxindole alkaloids and iridoid from Carolina jasmine (Gelsemium sempervirens Ait. f.).
Secoiridoid glycoside and alkaloid constituents of Hydrangea chinensis.
Six secoiridoid glucosides from Adina racemosa.
seco-iridoids from Calycophyllum spruceanum (Rubiaceae).
Aragoside and iridoid glucosides from Aragoa cundinamarcensis.
Iridoid glucosides from Veronica pectinata var. glandulosa.
Iridoids from Kigelia pinnata DC. fruits.
Analysis of three effective components in Fructus corni and its preparations by micellar electrokinetic capillary chromatography.
Iridoid and bisiridoid glycosides from Globularia cordifolia.
Iridoids from Pedicularis kansuensis forma albiflora.
Iridoids from seeds of Gentiana lutea.
Determination of iridoid glycosides in larvae and adults of butterfly Melitaea cinxia by partial filling micellar electrokinetic capillary chromatography-electrospray ionisation mass spectrometry.
Iridoid glucosides from Randia spinosa (Rubiaceae).
New unusual iridoids from the leaves of noni (Morinda citrifolia L.) show inhibitory effect on ultraviolet B-induced transcriptional activator protein-1 (AP-1) activity.
Iridoid esters from Patrinia saniculaefolia.
Iridoids from Globularia dumulosa.
Ionone, iridoid and phenylethanoid glycosides from Ajuga salicifolia.
Scropolioside-D2 and harpagoside-B: two new iridoid glycosides from Scrophularia deserti and their antidiabetic and antiinflammatory activity.
Two chromone-secoiridoid glycosides and three indole alkaloid glycosides from Neonauclea sessilifolia.
Iridoid and phenolic glycosides from Wulfenia carinthiaca.
Complement-inhibiting iridoids from Morinda morindoides.
[Studies on the metabolism of gentiopicroside by rat intestinal flora].
[Studies on chemical constituents of Cistanche tubulosa (Schenk) R. Wight].
Iridoids from the rhizomes and roots of Valeriana jatamansi.
A new lignan glycoside and other constituents from Cephalaria ambrosioides.
4'-deoxy iridoid glycosides from Centranthus longiflorus.
Four new neuroprotective iridoid glycosides from Scrophularia buergeriana roots.
Caudatosides A-F: new iridoid glucosides from Citharexylum caudatum.
Iridoid and phenolic diglycosides from Canthium berberidifolium.
An iridoid glucoside dimer and a non-glycosidic iridoid from the leaves of Lasianthus wallichii.
New iridoids from Asperula maximowiczii.
New Rev-transport inhibitor with anti-HIV activity from Valerianae Radix.
Anti-inflammatory activity and lipid peroxidation inhibition of iridoid lamiide isolated from Bouchea fluminensis (Vell.) Mold. (Verbenaceae).
In vitro immunomodulatory activity of verbascoside from Nepeta ucrainica L.
Iridoid glucosides from Veronica hederifolia.
Studies on the constituents of Lonicera species. XVII. New iridoid glycosides of the stems and leaves of Lonicera japonica THUNB.
Iridoids and anthraquinones from the Malaysian medicinal plant, Saprosma scortechinii (Rubiaceae).
Iridoid glucosides from Thunbergia laurifolia.
[Iridoid glycosides from Pedicula dicora Franch].
[Chemical constituents of fruits of Gardenia sootepensis Hutch].
Iridoid glycosides from Globularia davisiana.
Coelobillardin, an iridoid glucoside dimer from Coelospermum billardieri.
Studies on the constituents of Syringa species. X. Five new iridoid glycosides from the leaves of Syringa reticulata (Blume) Hara.
Wound healing activity of acylated iridoid glycosides from Scrophularia nodosa.
Constituents and pharmacological effects of Eucommia and Siberian ginseng.
Three secoiridoid glucosides from Jasminum nudiflorum.
Valepotriates in tissue cultures of nine different Valerianaceae species in comparison to literature data of the intact plants.




